For our application, the following classes do not need to be tested due to simplicity: 
User
Id
Validation
Main

The remaining classes are as followed and will be tested in the order listed:
Log
Database
Search
DatabaseTransactions
MainGUI
TrayGUI

The order for testing classes was determined based on their significance to the application 
as a whole and the ability to test the classes independently. Log was chosen first because 
it is essential to the entire program, but is relatively easy to test since it has few methods
and is normally controlled by other classes. Database was chosen second because the maps of 
Logs are critical to the program and are also easy to design tests around. Search and 
Database Transactions are next because they are more difficult classes to write tests for. 
These two classes determine how well the program is able to find the logs in the tray and get 
and put files on the server. Therefore, the hardest to write tests will be in the middle of 
the testing phase, after all other components for their functions are built and tested. Next 
will come the two GUI classes, because those tests will be somewhat carried out by JUnits 
but will be more heavily tested by actual run tests. Finally, Main will be tested last 
because it is the class that ties all of the subclasses together and executes the application, 
so it should be tested last. 

The classes will be integrated into the whole program in a stepwise fashion. It will start by
integrating Log, Database, and Database Transactions. Then, once that is complete, Search can 
be added in. Then, the GUI will be added. Both GUI classes should be able to be added at the 
same time. Finally, the Main class can be added in, which will run the entire program and tie 
the application together.

The whole program, after being tested independently of JUnits, will be tested through a 
variety of hand drawn tests and actual run tests. We will use a testing directory on the 
server and test nearly all situations that can be thought of. This combination of tests 
should be sufficient to check the program before it is considered complete.

